I misunderstood you last night
Misunderstanding
Mr. Zhou was so eager to prove something yesterday
Isn't it just to get rid of me?
That being the case
Why can't you give me the last honor?
Please go out
What about a parting gift?
Mr. Zhou is so considerate
I was wrong last night
Take this necklace
Let's just let it go.
Such an expensive necklace
I'm not worthy
Marty has Wang Rongchang behind him
Your column can't be saved.
So Mr. Zhou needs to persuade me to complete the power trade like Marty
Just a word from me
Marty will disappear
No, nothing else.
Thank you for everything Mr. Zhou has given me
But I gave it to you.
Maybe not worth mentioning to you
But it's all I have
I apologized.
What else is he pretentious about?
Play hard to get?